[Applause]
[Music]
I can't get comfortable there to take
you in because I haven't challenged you
gotten anything that turned 40 on Sunday
and I'm holding at you you still look
young yes I do it good yeah you say I
can't see you cuz I turned 40 is that
right you're blind now just like that
are you wearing the glasses yet or is
that still a couple you know I don't
want to embarrass myself
everybody's like wait I wear glasses you
know a lot of people for their 40th
birthday will have a big blowout they'll
maybe you know go on a trip there ends
oh you did well no not really I did a
different kind of blowout yeah you had a
different kind of blowout you went on
Twitter and attacked many of your
celebrity friends yep yeah I woke up and
I thought I know what I'm gonna do I
wanted to do something good with my 40th
birthday because as I was going over the
hill I thought I'd do something nice so
I actually just begged people for money
I thought if you're a fan of mine
you deserve to give me money not only
did you beg people for money you
threatened people I did yeah that was
all for a great cause but I have the
most amazing friends and people over a
family reach which is the most amazing
charity check it out still going on
still donating but in order to get money
I had to do some emotional blackmail
Ryan Reynolds you asked for Hugh
Jackman's cell number fundraiser for
your birthday thought you try a little
good old-fashioned blackmail and then we
see a picture here and correct me if I'm
wrong but that seems to be Hugh Jackman
putting his tongue in your wife emily
Blunt's ear yep yep so I've been real
quiet about that a long time how much
you how much I hope it works I did it
was it worth it was the whole thing
worth it did they donate we we made over
thanks to all the people who donated we
had so many amazing people donate and we
made over a half a million dollars wow
that's a lot of model
you still love I know you you've been
enjoying Brooklyn II still love it here
more than ever I was driving to work
today and I saw something because you
know I went to elementary school in
Brooklyn and I have a memory of how it
was and I was driving by the schoolyard
and all these little kids were on yoga
mats doing yoga yep those are probably
my are your kids in it yes school like
that well they're the instructor for me
and then we set up a school I see that's
not true
did you have to go through a whole thing
to get your kids into school and all
that stuff yeah yes what was that
process like well it was amazing it's
it's all amazing and terrifying but
hazel got into this school and she's
been going to the school for a while and
then violet our youngest just got into
the school but I don't think she knew
she was there for her so there's like an
interview process and she's just sitting
there talking to us and everybody else
is nervous about getting their kids and
then all of a sudden Hazel's teacher
says hey violet
wanna come in the classroom and talk for
a bit that was the first time she knew
it was about her and she turned to my
wife and went oh my god that genuinely
happened so we got her an agent probably
could get her some work yeah yeah which
be of work when you moved I moved to New
York right out of college right I did he
went to brown moved to New York told my
mom I want to be an actor in New York
and she said I and she said good luck
and I moved here and was a professional
waiter yeah you were waiter where what
places any that we might know well I
hope so some great places I just didn't
stay there that long I got fired but um
I was at the Odeon ok amazing place yeah
ok it's slowly making its way across the
room blue smoke is blues playing ok oh
and then one of my favorites and longest
standing relationships with Sushi Samba
that's a famous world right it is they
actually I think it's the place where
Sex in the City created the Cosmo really
yeah everybody's like that's not true
now where they had that scene where the
Cosmo became the drink yeah anyone had
to have I was shooting I was shooting I
was wishing I was shooting I was pouring
shots at lunch they shot upstairs while
I was on and that was the closest I had
ever been to a television set is that
the place where you taught me a very
valuable lesson we were at dinner one
night and I was like I don't know what
we want just bring a bunch of stuff and
you're like never say bring a bunch of
don't do that at all why you don't care
about allergies uh-huh we don't care
what you like and don't like they had
these things at sushi sound but if
you've ever been there I think they
still have them when you walk in there's
this decorative bowl of Japanese river
crab that they call Sawa Gani okay and
everybody's like oh my god that's
amazing they're alive and we're gonna
eat them and but what people don't
realize is they build this like crab
like ladder on each other and then jump
out of the bowl so if you watch them for
a long time they're escaping all the
time so one day we had a guy come with a
shoe box and he said hey I just found
this crab in my apartment and I was like
Oh where's your apartment he goes across
7th Avenue up four flights of stairs no
elevator so I was impressed and the
manager was like what can we do and he
said well I just wanted to know what he
eats I want to take care of him and we
had this sushi chef from Japan didn't
speak much English but was very good and
he said we said what is that what do
these things eat and he goes what and he
said he wants to know what to feed I'm
gonna go feed them we fried up okay John
Krasinski is here we'll be right back
with John after this
[Applause]
[Music]
that is action star John Krasinski
zachariahs premieres a week from today
on Amazon Prime video what does your
mother think about you jumping off roofs
and stuff like that she's always wanted
me to do that brought back a lot of
memories that was where was that when
London shot in London I'm obviously
going to London a lot with my half my
family being there but I'd never shot
there and never been almost killed there
mm-hmm
until you know it's one of those things
where they're like you don't have to do
a lot of it just run down this roof and
kind of get confident you're like you
know what I'm gonna slide down the roof
and the stunt guys like please don't do
that and I was like it's fine and then I
did that slide and got to the end and I
was like help now so that's just before
you see me looking around I'm asking for
help very scared and people down below
on their lunch break we're like by the
way there's a guy in our audience right
now with a Dunder Mifflin sweatshirt on
the assistant to make sure we see it
that's the best I hope somebody help
somebody has the initiative to edit Jack
Ryan together with the office so we
could see Jim like jump out the window
and isn't it remarkable now I'm all the
time because they know we're friends
they were like you know kids who are now
watching this show in bulk
oh it's insane I think when you're on a
show period you think you've hit the
greatest thing you're ever gonna do and
no one will ever top that and then now
it's I think 50 times bigger and usually
I'd have like a guy my age come up and
say like love the office and I was like
thanks and now you just have like a four
year old in an airport being like you
know what my favorite episode is
[Laughter]
children are watching this show now I've
been through it four times sounds like
your throats been through working on a
sequel to a quiet place I'm working on
it we just we finished he loves it yeah
well this great movie you got a lot
going on I'm really proud of you happy
birthday to you and all that stuff she's
a big Action Hero
I'm John
we'll be right back from Brooklyn I am
Jimmy Kimmel if you want to see all our
latest videos click the subscribe button
and if you don't click anyway and close
your eyes when they come on